id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1686 1 -287.5880677358503 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3047 2 -292.9782974009011 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2065 3 -294.42848450348515 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2142 4 -296.68738811324204 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2370 5 -297.99083443568344 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3013 6 -300.2297153600243 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1144 7 -302.2005913629841 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2283 8 -303.9303232313915 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2528 9 -305.4744353299513 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2529 10 -305.4744353299513 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2188 11 -306.4500047688413 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3015 12 -307.94213120695355 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1929 13 -309.7182415126771 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2674 14 -309.9926719516719 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0674 15 -310.44982548321997 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1741 16 -310.6499808117535 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0533 17 -310.6890052551519 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1891 18 -310.6958721547806 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2402 19 -311.08766975672654 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0195 20 -311.26068126028053 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1659 21 -311.31556715694154 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2050 22 -311.9691052314057 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2231 23 -312.3826772521713 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2421 24 -312.53841664492705 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2486 25 -312.67447843266694 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2415 26 -312.7679736533353 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2004 27 -312.7943976173854 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1424 28 -312.81923402046846 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2125 29 -312.9846808587572 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1196 30 -313.14912857002355 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2826 31 -313.29703726804445 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1327 32 -313.29703726804445 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2687 33 -313.4824734653247 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2721 34 -313.61860697371617 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1543 35 -313.65040530011925 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1388 36 -313.94601758854503 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2446 37 -314.0621452438966 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1261 38 -314.1451717127315 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2893 39 -314.1841365157453 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2829 40 -314.37721769046834 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2211 41 -314.70410654168853 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1927 42 -314.8980398133634 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1839 43 -314.9041965005031 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2906 44 -314.90825242977684 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2174 45 -315.33366684054863 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1384 46 -315.3896882399772 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1251 47 -315.4872797234181 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1085 48 -315.4872797234181 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1846 49 -315.4955783524731 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1272 50 -315.71590310948017 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1700 51 -315.7814770586829 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0986 52 -316.02631433864343 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3021 53 -316.15848167771793 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1383 54 -316.1891136061766 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0721 55 -316.23020885764845 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0185 56 -316.2306575739317 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0397 57 -316.29860165508734 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3040 58 -316.39592740910376 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0531 59 -316.49019699516316 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1660 60 -316.4999136885624 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1952 61 -316.4999136885624 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3057 62 -316.5441607387167 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2005 63 -316.5841668421521 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1571 64 -316.6000349046028 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2304 65 -316.61344836912093 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2643 66 -316.6624217097726 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1108 67 -316.6994022639178 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2788 68 -316.8239277934496 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1793 69 -316.87358364987887 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1796 70 -317.0237225710872 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0104 71 -317.07634149063836 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1415 72 -317.1104902370057 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1350 73 -317.29907495601947 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0893 74 -317.377829113602 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0670 75 -317.4234057155555 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1566 76 -317.5751048740887 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1046 77 -317.58750673724575 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0605 78 -317.64989788218105 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2232 79 -317.8799031839936 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1135 80 -317.9805335835154 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1233 81 -318.10404633249175 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1601 82 -318.1366211859294 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2275 83 -318.15022496992174 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2314 84 -318.1511532062488 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0695 85 -318.1624371511574 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3114 86 -318.43823191626103 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1440 87 -318.44718165257655 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3059 88 -318.50330608901635 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1680 89 -318.72271695237913 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2819 90 -318.79783202344646 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2874 91 -318.8458165711806 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2051 92 -318.8717658683125 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1359 93 -318.9017647937924 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1066 94 -318.905394383985 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0973 95 -318.9202441698805 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0078 96 -319.0019981215098 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2054 97 -319.08591489996644 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0135 98 -319.0870297979855 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1105 99 -319.0870297979855 jmsmoothing
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0148 100 -319.0870297979855 jmsmoothing
