hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3026 1 -302.3686767635612 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3087 2 -305.01054824539165 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2967 3 -305.24185223097186 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3142 4 -305.6369470038986 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2424 5 -309.1107738578962 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-0695 6 -309.89456840176524 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1572 7 -309.9183380157535 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2311 8 -311.3515816853078 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-0698 9 -311.545088441521 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1844 10 -312.4233927932879 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3049 11 -313.14884312724587 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2016 12 -313.43378447790985 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1366 13 -313.66475684196337 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2738 14 -313.703549328793 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1750 15 -313.7111995660083 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2002 16 -313.823571829166 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3025 17 -314.0677729069011 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1462 18 -314.0755234042882 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3056 19 -314.15478314176835 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2147 20 -314.29139849305625 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2138 21 -314.34789098222 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2812 22 -314.39005152948727 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2396 23 -314.40165359214274 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3158 24 -314.64400505601463 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1518 25 -314.7606777220858 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2828 26 -315.0220123702063 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2486 27 -315.2331370375742 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2516 28 -315.28790996412044 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1774 29 -315.34850095787243 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1589 30 -315.86181599725955 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2358 31 -316.1887396042062 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2771 32 -316.2702236040909 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3136 33 -316.27181413444544 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2786 34 -316.3830891194639 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2988 35 -316.44916354199904 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1698 36 -316.4712424583032 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2342 37 -316.52655199432036 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2379 38 -316.83717467595284 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2151 39 -316.8584969403597 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1962 40 -316.96082569464187 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3112 41 -316.9896912285442 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2188 42 -317.1892274129883 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2928 43 -317.28239782869605 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1409 44 -317.29861935859185 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2298 45 -317.3983236153447 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2421 46 -317.52223556917096 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3092 47 -317.5328153033874 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3089 48 -317.8915918177181 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2718 49 -318.1456061669035 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1711 50 -318.20329146011795 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2625 51 -318.2143622586404 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1264 52 -318.2372235447459 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2859 53 -318.478731274399 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2198 54 -318.6056794482447 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2319 55 -318.7026458312654 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1930 56 -318.8769888765578 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2972 57 -318.9670281438549 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2852 58 -319.11614601910514 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2888 59 -319.1314437101272 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1805 60 -319.14071957420595 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2882 61 -319.1449477187929 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-0670 62 -319.45177515804335 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2948 63 -319.47095703633147 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2046 64 -319.70050595261796 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1754 65 -319.76910134161994 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2380 66 -319.78364770291205 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1752 67 -319.89267680066564 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2398 68 -319.8962584788852 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1602 69 -319.9028977884632 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-0585 70 -319.94070935010615 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1892 71 -319.9788442624607 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3127 72 -320.0795900469029 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1747 73 -320.1756966230796 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-0616 74 -320.18429403903895 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2375 75 -320.44806608531337 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2876 76 -320.51820486242343 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2359 77 -320.5345196522396 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3030 78 -320.5465449158577 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1856 79 -320.5832610002691 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2740 80 -320.6152516494518 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2817 81 -320.6560953193346 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2669 82 -320.6689531927274 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2846 83 -320.8044332545454 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2059 84 -320.95673189039246 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3024 85 -320.96360501721034 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1846 86 -321.04829707240617 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-3070 87 -321.08262044767525 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2951 88 -321.08954204891177 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2900 89 -321.09318451849424 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1152 90 -321.1734280036399 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2816 91 -321.34370926660745 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-0417 92 -321.3464258537198 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2716 93 -321.38088604871666 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2710 94 -321.405244562204 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2020 95 -321.4263301064269 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2715 96 -321.43744957637716 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2680 97 -321.4794350190946 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2989 98 -321.4938247478857 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-2127 99 -321.66792449756923 jmsmoothing
hardware_and_software_relating_to_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_with_microcomputers_attached_to_disk_heads_or_things_like_rap_relational_or_network_codasyl_or_hierarchical_models_systems_like_system_r_ims_adabas_total_etc Q0 CACM-1165 100 -321.6741868878811 jmsmoothing
