id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3013 1 -430.64937232190954 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2142 2 -432.99475285234735 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1686 3 -434.0636360067818 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2283 4 -440.34103654416924 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1144 5 -440.58853973719255 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2065 6 -441.40854633857913 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2370 7 -441.89809282424113 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3047 8 -442.256699041003 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2188 9 -446.6265934391905 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1327 10 -447.6135352948356 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2893 11 -448.5231366408395 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2051 12 -448.6457713790112 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2231 13 -448.89340037533793 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2674 14 -449.3926334766839 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2421 15 -449.4257419378932 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1543 16 -449.7468268579635 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2402 17 -449.96217261935885 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3015 18 -450.85243917175546 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1108 19 -451.34164908312505 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0973 20 -451.3418269051153 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2367 21 -452.1306195002116 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0730 22 -452.1614910662207 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1891 23 -452.5307926640574 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0078 24 -452.53247530225514 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0615 25 -452.6825795093644 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1440 26 -452.7465658189114 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1350 27 -452.929250912376 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0104 28 -453.0456356234273 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1664 29 -453.05382963147156 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1388 30 -453.0942461756934 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2130 31 -453.26379945782435 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0605 32 -453.7452240451776 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1415 33 -453.91164121474947 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0674 34 -453.9237009523813 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0533 35 -454.15752729710675 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3198 36 -454.27696270780893 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2004 37 -454.4093605360866 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2302 38 -454.46161448583683 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2721 39 -454.61635330285094 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1700 40 -454.8110841731644 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0670 41 -454.83536443408656 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2020 42 -454.997331138425 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2211 43 -455.1295910332961 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1381 44 -455.2578128019933 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0531 45 -455.32895346700633 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1046 46 -455.38665019566275 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1741 47 -455.49486550831125 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2125 48 -455.52955469085384 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0329 49 -455.65990394420464 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1384 50 -455.73072740462356 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1588 51 -455.827037320553 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1806 52 -455.85980536957175 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1233 53 -455.8961874623534 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0894 54 -455.9386169633177 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1961 55 -455.9930256515937 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2254 56 -456.01054255197454 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1272 57 -456.095618632521 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2687 58 -456.14980468822023 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2396 59 -456.19638497188674 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3190 60 -456.2208405610244 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2786 61 -456.2513863300914 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1428 62 -456.2790564807765 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2606 63 -456.3548645273586 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0849 64 -456.44611313207844 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2050 65 -456.4579788668045 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1066 66 -456.4879034123142 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1571 67 -456.56959801045946 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2628 68 -456.6239349646802 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1665 69 -456.8105990322423 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3076 70 -456.8224291889702 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1154 71 -456.8513358054676 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2977 72 -457.09605031190245 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0694 73 -457.13263337232564 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2484 74 -457.1724601357456 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2054 75 -457.1910786345498 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2787 76 -457.2723074723723 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1929 77 -457.3091205107762 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2313 78 -457.5415430170399 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1534 79 -457.6347135035077 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1601 80 -457.6520144996989 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2931 81 -457.6536493305038 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2993 82 -457.71571758855475 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1456 83 -457.7369880125488 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2829 84 -457.80413162848197 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2092 85 -457.8388884957306 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0616 86 -457.8952630174266 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1394 87 -457.9182064162132 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2274 88 -457.94328722748367 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2702 89 -457.97319732029706 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1652 90 -458.06228603945925 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0893 91 -458.1489477367573 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2856 92 -458.18179707422786 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1846 93 -458.1884527577379 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2972 94 -458.4153699522474 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0464 95 -458.5613763280662 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2486 96 -458.5749616150874 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2826 97 -458.7160765942298 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1363 98 -458.7609072675517 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1196 99 -458.77997776825845 jmsmoothing
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1261 100 -458.7944912713641 jmsmoothing
