im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2931 1 -348.5318522374977 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3128 2 -350.7538692622962 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1135 3 -353.0736991758467 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2314 4 -354.9341365344735 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2377 5 -355.7779351472607 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2342 6 -356.25908771117753 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2939 7 -357.0210775376665 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3049 8 -357.8383863664388 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3043 9 -357.9843647125942 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2851 10 -359.0452504611686 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2905 11 -359.2766064320495 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0616 12 -359.3339857942097 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1145 13 -359.52001947510405 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2848 14 -360.0083048987369 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2060 15 -360.95590756949116 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2895 16 -361.6199587292358 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2969 17 -361.990657864742 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0435 18 -362.2259362316293 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1665 19 -362.3041816191627 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3105 20 -362.46171942828914 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1651 21 -362.94260773471507 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2439 22 -363.0111605877304 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2438 23 -363.4055126803757 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3141 24 -363.495191201865 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2684 25 -363.5217760162401 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1014 26 -363.71270968916815 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2721 27 -363.72592110284916 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0724 28 -363.7561852009802 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1727 29 -363.8006417681998 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1470 30 -364.11108461518035 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1253 31 -364.23111381328437 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1626 32 -364.42240109129125 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1846 33 -364.4950868792867 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0409 34 -364.6252173535576 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1742 35 -364.8111799530072 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1458 36 -364.8133136974854 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1829 37 -365.0629487548288 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3103 38 -365.13581888038783 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2865 39 -365.1758390332718 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2519 40 -365.3496150831743 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2900 41 -365.35409435856894 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1527 42 -365.3850133050257 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0321 43 -365.6104908400269 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3013 44 -365.6980934354516 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1362 45 -365.7113425793081 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1272 46 -365.7757986424894 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3069 47 -365.8301809413947 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1677 48 -365.85246674558044 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2940 49 -366.26199773050496 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2767 50 -366.3795189540315 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2929 51 -366.38930789251174 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1143 52 -366.42394970262967 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2020 53 -366.48558641844244 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1536 54 -366.5421044286032 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1506 55 -366.5452973081898 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1534 56 -366.63743060179877 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2359 57 -366.70256825215694 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1323 58 -366.7219810935 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2383 59 -366.825314508701 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1099 60 -366.92519805636476 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1307 61 -366.9483347596691 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3081 62 -367.0425570334764 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2989 63 -367.0830009352516 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1550 64 -367.120556696096 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1485 65 -367.1384873687699 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2742 66 -367.19736616277584 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3018 67 -367.2887048029708 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2273 68 -367.2976655326152 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2932 69 -367.32267345517806 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0949 70 -367.3397638339369 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1180 71 -367.42431714797686 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1698 72 -367.6332023947116 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1572 73 -367.65048076615994 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2216 74 -367.69693914293555 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2232 75 -367.7355340774979 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0040 76 -367.75037491921415 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2916 77 -367.78198364309924 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1248 78 -367.787170597923 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1199 79 -367.848054212137 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2092 80 -367.8858397817898 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2406 81 -367.894377990801 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2450 82 -367.9304227468877 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1408 83 -368.0091928824426 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1908 84 -368.03548236365134 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3056 85 -368.06752626607266 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2396 86 -368.06947497108735 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1978 87 -368.07789084532607 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2946 88 -368.1185627711018 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2958 89 -368.1473500006579 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2196 90 -368.185354980072 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2195 91 -368.2578178164162 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1710 92 -368.3235708018832 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2457 93 -368.33200072603 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2619 94 -368.38258687421074 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1083 95 -368.4038541240444 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3202 96 -368.42590433339956 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1391 97 -368.43327040606835 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2920 98 -368.51257958649774 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2500 99 -368.52465162559116 jmsmoothing
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1012 100 -368.5554525102014 jmsmoothing
