theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3128 1 -283.2918660371517 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3148 2 -290.7975113918271 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3043 3 -290.9248250505527 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3082 4 -292.3869317530085 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1747 5 -293.97336613490893 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3141 6 -295.4611871367604 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2578 7 -295.80172945385124 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2969 8 -297.35198648819795 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2080 9 -297.571299692662 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1751 10 -299.3664250259954 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2522 11 -299.7226260444487 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2406 12 -300.22470542913476 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2342 13 -300.542671103518 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2128 14 -301.01128806836573 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1928 15 -301.10319687797625 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3137 16 -301.4911596089793 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3076 17 -301.50000453743036 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2371 18 -301.68037493837517 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2276 19 -302.2012318963439 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2912 20 -302.8227956499856 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3153 21 -302.90686810896 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2597 22 -302.92733806717877 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2740 23 -303.1057252537688 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2541 24 -303.4054579167748 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2895 25 -304.2563127398427 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1745 26 -304.25726130104954 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3119 27 -304.26569295126393 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2111 28 -304.3702992693549 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3124 29 -304.42509775782304 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2454 30 -304.44688530989004 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2949 31 -304.7592168327543 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2482 32 -304.8470384950838 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1552 33 -304.86347622099805 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2470 34 -304.8855203539175 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2376 35 -304.967715629972 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2016 36 -304.9779849398038 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2317 37 -305.02005340424574 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3000 38 -305.0763346109471 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2849 39 -305.2616798471002 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1247 40 -305.31890595546975 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2697 41 -305.40563794997314 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2932 42 -305.4113121340945 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2504 43 -305.4474134507914 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2198 44 -305.4808949444471 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2616 45 -305.55856217725733 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2950 46 -305.6485568333978 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3072 47 -305.65205386646255 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2596 48 -305.7571747435966 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1935 49 -305.896542511119 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1854 50 -305.9851257484141 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2955 51 -306.06205254696715 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2030 52 -306.162502795493 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1951 53 -306.21209707844235 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3025 54 -306.2233615733552 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2738 55 -306.25131718926224 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1572 56 -306.28624702344734 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1924 57 -306.4074560262944 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3086 58 -306.42587319485784 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1752 59 -306.6307463691746 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1959 60 -306.6983106904449 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1341 61 -306.70073054188583 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3181 62 -306.71500039798565 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2927 63 -306.73880997995064 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2255 64 -306.96400542247716 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2890 65 -307.00314100841223 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2289 66 -307.01422839836096 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2020 67 -307.08149254755136 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2979 68 -307.11131569892245 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3059 69 -307.12208171492045 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1484 70 -307.1318975101163 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2236 71 -307.19680729311466 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1978 72 -307.2339528018228 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1960 73 -307.2893207207539 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2931 74 -307.374831189963 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1748 75 -307.45788507155896 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2216 76 -307.4629814221029 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1206 77 -307.65688775555464 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1948 78 -307.8349118465943 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2535 79 -308.0078558869454 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2629 80 -308.06010124289014 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-0435 81 -308.13304503715483 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1048 82 -308.1784692324678 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-0695 83 -308.24265960994245 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2519 84 -308.2641066045886 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-0059 85 -308.40957673281645 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2323 86 -308.45233512862194 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2314 87 -308.49241065521176 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2320 88 -308.5124024075587 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1099 89 -308.5703434463696 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1774 90 -308.5732278571056 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3032 91 -308.6917510399725 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2851 92 -308.7218161030059 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2900 93 -308.76818492048693 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2926 94 -308.81361710212406 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3088 95 -309.002834712535 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3077 96 -309.0200599751505 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2784 97 -309.054091721448 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-0643 98 -309.0820944467721 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-0417 99 -309.08221870788407 jmsmoothing
theory_of_distributed_systems_and_databases_subtopics_of_special_interest_include_reliability_and_fault-tolerance_in_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_and_models_for_asynchronous_parallel_systems_also_theory_of_communicating_processes_and_protocols_p_box_2158_yale_station_new_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2928 100 -309.1221239900546 jmsmoothing
