algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1474 1 -249.3382076653891 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2634 2 -249.63938388565347 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3138 3 -250.45085542556473 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1344 4 -250.88925808852235 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2849 5 -254.54699579413287 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3166 6 -254.56184519555194 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1695 7 -254.7083689556976 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1698 8 -256.30357485323594 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1709 9 -256.5958254956549 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2771 10 -256.69749791295766 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1816 11 -256.85418922034177 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1691 12 -257.39186358758064 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3087 13 -257.3935809169328 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2994 14 -257.97515628253007 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2670 15 -258.72049060424575 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1946 16 -258.7606727875246 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2993 17 -258.80232857693954 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2604 18 -259.06517685179324 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1206 19 -259.54198089921107 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1171 20 -259.5584322490177 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3049 21 -259.6959165672931 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1629 22 -259.76622947700935 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2665 23 -259.83890981031215 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1252 24 -259.9160566260456 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1366 25 -259.94065471640965 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2525 26 -260.02984014317906 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2062 27 -260.0947368839727 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2216 28 -260.2800305221699 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2786 29 -260.29199862102803 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1398 30 -260.30679578606487 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1978 31 -260.52058129635606 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2398 32 -260.5248333982348 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2373 33 -260.8212267054255 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2188 34 -260.858489685435 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1264 35 -260.911984311458 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2167 36 -261.12859297216477 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1637 37 -261.1770455517845 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2145 38 -261.26332573435855 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2820 39 -261.2727641477739 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1674 40 -261.43729124224376 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1420 41 -261.66663668439327 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3150 42 -261.7309452735972 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-0865 43 -261.79329768096164 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1433 44 -261.7971341878957 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1410 45 -261.8345139055333 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1169 46 -261.91154717818415 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2951 47 -261.93775520291865 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2470 48 -261.95388964050784 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2395 49 -261.98278956177944 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3142 50 -262.3731738627209 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1631 51 -262.49312745594585 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2514 52 -262.5468072888901 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2986 53 -262.6337488688163 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2343 54 -262.8330332930295 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1768 55 -262.8643189814396 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1609 56 -262.865292327829 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2999 57 -262.9040950690168 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1454 58 -263.22461568678256 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2534 59 -263.43458610611265 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2753 60 -263.4671164564115 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1650 61 -263.50784625030514 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3131 62 -263.7894803815506 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1697 63 -263.856589082601 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1464 64 -263.9503963863458 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2787 65 -264.04395776931744 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1423 66 -264.11657153091954 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1066 67 -264.2579207286454 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1977 68 -264.27343650538154 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2645 69 -264.2872770054707 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1554 70 -264.3728870503001 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1835 71 -264.3804230236498 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1455 72 -264.52512500024153 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1411 73 -264.54682501941863 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2402 74 -264.5932356163695 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2825 75 -264.6329774520669 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2484 76 -264.8366305373447 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-0944 77 -264.91876938981187 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-0202 78 -264.9407554505374 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-0867 79 -264.9645876843577 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1200 80 -265.0090170148508 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2490 81 -265.01488491718663 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2215 82 -265.02536970552137 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2135 83 -265.0344155933955 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1605 84 -265.05124385950774 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-0536 85 -265.06671716595207 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3105 86 -265.1412776420022 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2970 87 -265.1436531229297 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1572 88 -265.20813445189117 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1665 89 -265.2110632717423 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2828 90 -265.2216567270357 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1988 91 -265.32921930033984 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2646 92 -265.3480815151537 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-0417 93 -265.4197800745115 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1457 94 -265.45660023034725 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2812 95 -265.5000983083644 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-1916 96 -265.5039925666435 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2978 97 -265.51576716889275 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3092 98 -265.6957707051785 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-3065 99 -265.7111361884425 jmsmoothing
algorithms_or_statistical_packages_for_anova_regression_using_least_squares_or_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_are_of_interest_students_t_test_wilcoxon_and_sign_tests_multivariate_and_univariate_components_can_be_included Q0 CACM-2585 100 -265.7573118827804 jmsmoothing
