algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2634 1 -3.3565267593422816 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1709 2 -3.379198113456597 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1344 3 -3.4401580355105805 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1695 4 -3.458002977187234 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1474 5 -3.549038141734299 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3049 6 -3.5541783638308266 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1698 7 -3.5806723755443697 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1171 8 -3.612145932063383 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1691 9 -3.6259449088154683 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1946 10 -3.656002651311906 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1637 11 -3.6571196245033515 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2216 12 -3.6633574037117347 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2849 13 -3.6695120028171666 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3138 14 -3.68062099108132 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2999 15 -3.7150440230866026 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3166 16 -3.750973761500641 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2167 17 -3.751311532061459 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1252 18 -3.7828124210618763 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2062 19 -3.7889991979728603 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1206 20 -3.7991482176451914 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1631 21 -3.806804745817011 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3087 22 -3.8084668863016655 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1066 23 -3.8158802191264214 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2395 24 -3.822923196236943 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1605 25 -3.8229857105479605 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1398 26 -3.82807282596507 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2645 27 -3.828091948888268 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2525 28 -3.8367769299568786 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1816 29 -3.8514813313113114 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1433 30 -3.857497646517871 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2145 31 -3.858976924486248 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2820 32 -3.8593932111778284 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2217 33 -3.8652513575805387 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1671 34 -3.875167215856203 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-0536 35 -3.877865890175819 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1423 36 -3.8845954361448225 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1978 37 -3.88551150570758 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2604 38 -3.89465172503057 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2825 39 -3.895177547985588 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2314 40 -3.9000019284396688 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1366 41 -3.9048593083228598 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1420 42 -3.910639814533233 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2343 43 -3.9126781924400995 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2795 44 -3.9166963296667983 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3150 45 -3.920886170377464 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1862 46 -3.9251861090227065 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2389 47 -3.9333441789664767 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2970 48 -3.938790431181974 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1876 49 -3.938954059813456 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3067 50 -3.9458133037403016 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1835 51 -3.945970677940144 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2188 52 -3.946330893515287 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2812 53 -3.9510764057415355 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2868 54 -3.954307362136067 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1874 55 -3.958513946567771 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2890 56 -3.9597240314442756 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1680 57 -3.9653847871287513 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1264 58 -3.965720350589134 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2904 59 -3.9675085318484973 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2135 60 -3.9676225267183494 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1764 61 -3.9679365511014573 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1629 62 -3.9682572815929524 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2225 63 -3.9682572815929524 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2373 64 -3.9695238815845704 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1619 65 -3.9695238815845704 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2198 66 -3.9700565818222917 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1411 67 -3.9730413884536118 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1750 68 -3.974685787513532 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2665 69 -3.974881033390891 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2753 70 -3.9754553509946486 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2951 71 -3.9792856401018883 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2592 72 -3.9820929708655632 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1396 73 -3.9830124421477646 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2114 74 -3.9834070145954406 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2887 75 -3.983681428745775 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2470 76 -3.983686941124764 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2379 77 -3.984241318050441 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1410 78 -3.9876798388852133 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1032 79 -3.9881119852906437 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-0322 80 -3.989339244342155 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1146 81 -3.9906432223315367 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2319 82 -3.9918456719156996 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1824 83 -3.9923508266512435 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2324 84 -3.998057557389159 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1195 85 -3.9982247682138485 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2245 86 -3.9985003410149207 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2950 87 -3.9995985877831237 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3092 88 -4.001494110505577 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1604 89 -4.001494110505577 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2035 90 -4.003478033214959 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2718 91 -4.003859675402451 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-0942 92 -4.004440024984512 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-0069 93 -4.004440024984512 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2096 94 -4.004440024984512 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2380 95 -4.005377191860717 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-1754 96 -4.006154657730693 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2771 97 -4.006311408828278 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2786 98 -4.007563357248287 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-2669 99 -4.012886864615391 tfidf
algorithms_statistical_packages_anova_regression_squares_generalized_linear_models_system_design_capabilities_statistical_formula_interest_students_test_wilcoxon_sign_tests_multivariate_univariate_components_included Q0 CACM-3131 100 -4.013184464023037 tfidf
