interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3043 1 -2.2209121908641536 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2912 2 -2.8142359531010195 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2949 3 -2.819268356603059 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3141 4 -2.9092137564358227 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2865 5 -2.9247374398035473 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2376 6 -2.984117239922049 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2342 7 -2.985926804495575 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3128 8 -2.986303107094519 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2890 9 -3.092370032801712 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1381 10 -3.1036091260522873 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1145 11 -3.1156783233449286 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1623 12 -3.1196144820336995 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2317 13 -3.1287741680119745 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1397 14 -3.14865045288969 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3148 15 -3.165335059205619 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2740 16 -3.1731967684766778 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2111 17 -3.1835556083686063 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2902 18 -3.1983783508093815 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0616 19 -3.1996142476689844 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2402 20 -3.2147226175000756 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2320 21 -3.2389575500015986 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3014 22 -3.2517039228553624 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1948 23 -3.26392111189886 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1854 24 -3.285213906574003 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2950 25 -3.29807042715128 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3104 26 -3.2982542295268593 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2373 27 -3.298540692290134 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2276 28 -3.315891807242194 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2208 29 -3.3177059386412475 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2314 30 -3.3194583310653534 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2795 31 -3.3220778363322623 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2851 32 -3.327435924294865 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2674 33 -3.3317455554135202 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2903 34 -3.336733236637966 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2871 35 -3.340946760488374 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3054 36 -3.3416836820261064 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2541 37 -3.349474102956472 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2326 38 -3.3594974155079793 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2216 39 -3.3663438816832008 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2273 40 -3.373401163710055 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2263 41 -3.373401163710055 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0046 42 -3.374486471441072 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1626 43 -3.3798777076540967 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2657 44 -3.382855874735109 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2931 45 -3.382876863395282 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2972 46 -3.3866446494711293 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3032 47 -3.386874259758418 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2325 48 -3.391673095765146 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2863 49 -3.391673095765146 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3078 50 -3.3930014384631377 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2828 51 -3.3998459590599137 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2324 52 -3.40459042896358 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2860 53 -3.40459042896358 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2167 54 -3.40459042896358 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2913 55 -3.4092259277614225 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2053 56 -3.4094309079478555 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0942 57 -3.412545323995774 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3164 58 -3.4213130984140707 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1172 59 -3.423486418241507 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2389 60 -3.423486418241507 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0396 61 -3.4270551790097916 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1771 62 -3.428807432974385 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1601 63 -3.42881068521676 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2306 64 -3.42881068521676 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2665 65 -3.42881068521676 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2142 66 -3.4314976272122673 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1886 67 -3.4314976272122673 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2838 68 -3.4314976272122673 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2454 69 -3.4314976272122673 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2035 70 -3.4314976272122673 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0964 71 -3.4345404979997314 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2535 72 -3.438667854416747 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3143 73 -3.438667854416747 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2110 74 -3.438667854416747 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0243 75 -3.4425798137731682 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2646 76 -3.4463753502247028 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2368 77 -3.4463753502247028 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2953 78 -3.4463753502247028 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-0409 79 -3.4463753502247028 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2598 80 -3.4463753502247028 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2645 81 -3.4463753502247028 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1728 82 -3.4503272958175413 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2522 83 -3.4513915374313853 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2579 84 -3.455910768753815 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2470 85 -3.456168307786865 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2979 86 -3.457089180472998 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1749 87 -3.4607707319674357 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2884 88 -3.4620928781271663 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2150 89 -3.462212152191974 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2080 90 -3.462212152191974 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2033 91 -3.4700985618399645 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2371 92 -3.4739346173310452 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3080 93 -3.474072394326571 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3077 94 -3.4746181386442054 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2719 95 -3.474760550905296 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1237 96 -3.474760550905296 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2453 97 -3.474760550905296 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-3166 98 -3.4750886938630003 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-2940 99 -3.4797428300450037 tfidf
interested_distributed_algorithms_concurrent_programs_processes_communicate_synchronize_message_passing_areas_interest_include_fault-tolerance_techniques_understanding_correctness_algorithms Q0 CACM-1698 100 -3.4814058593394193 tfidf
