probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2932 1 -3.108787437760019 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3175 2 -3.1831750930757154 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1474 3 -3.192034415527554 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3071 4 -3.2318594992808762 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2836 5 -3.288885498207526 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2645 6 -3.302611805421524 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2165 7 -3.3154830440013905 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1386 8 -3.3263482395862325 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2681 9 -3.3298612453580754 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1397 10 -3.333150337334611 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2323 11 -3.33515330778099 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2437 12 -3.405583084636075 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2090 13 -3.4124173556040014 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2580 14 -3.4467648785816896 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1935 15 -3.4467648785816896 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2516 16 -3.4467648785816896 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2560 17 -3.4467648785816896 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2164 18 -3.4829825321231263 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2167 19 -3.4902060374572446 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3203 20 -3.519564993084176 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2850 21 -3.527189871798721 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2169 22 -3.530272614594675 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1543 23 -3.5406324923296024 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2170 24 -3.545762452230797 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2402 25 -3.5586409336594342 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2450 26 -3.5608363437668915 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0719 27 -3.567266964402338 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1392 28 -3.573861520067337 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2253 29 -3.574756179371192 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2931 30 -3.579560335200711 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1948 31 -3.5882789161280617 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2314 32 -3.5909247797875987 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2166 33 -3.595118898282591 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1664 34 -3.6115142669679745 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2719 35 -3.6142276563188545 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2767 36 -3.619596933534831 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2567 37 -3.629571711295279 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1946 38 -3.634268207964318 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1393 39 -3.6349455185168913 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1667 40 -3.640578065456231 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1893 41 -3.640578065456231 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1524 42 -3.641302739765461 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3031 43 -3.643269173561344 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1706 44 -3.649583835314562 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2414 45 -3.6496869335082036 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2490 46 -3.6496899820861466 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1388 47 -3.6533920150444366 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1216 48 -3.6565192170357634 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0284 49 -3.6569664707311005 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2828 50 -3.6603233545798575 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2266 51 -3.6616652843519466 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2987 52 -3.6623901599823867 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1049 53 -3.663609783708417 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2997 54 -3.6658577887711563 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3078 55 -3.6658662409195815 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2289 56 -3.6671716547864075 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2722 57 -3.6683712027365822 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1924 58 -3.6683796286458703 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1387 59 -3.6738902534412636 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0265 60 -3.6738902534412645 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1806 61 -3.676061501882926 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3006 62 -3.6762253109275487 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1214 63 -3.676529524828197 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1394 64 -3.676529524828197 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1681 65 -3.676624822201049 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1396 66 -3.676783917334673 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2344 67 -3.678842307404783 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2453 68 -3.6789932999095942 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2341 69 -3.679308618674335 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1699 70 -3.679672213863403 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3163 71 -3.6801981654250797 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1154 72 -3.6803720535336972 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2958 73 -3.6843871690288776 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2939 74 -3.687186297664492 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2692 75 -3.687451992506887 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3094 76 -3.689009639874629 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3131 77 -3.6899144470964798 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2094 78 -3.6900282692651563 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1145 79 -3.6902007767155878 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2498 80 -3.6918958357956697 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0717 81 -3.6918958357956697 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2325 82 -3.693105575581297 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2646 83 -3.693317713519615 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3201 84 -3.6966991641095706 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1180 85 -3.6966991641095706 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2268 86 -3.6978902533640987 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2410 87 -3.699585310963959 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1144 88 -3.699585310963959 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0731 89 -3.699585310963959 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3121 90 -3.699932124216833 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0111 91 -3.699932124216833 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0644 92 -3.699932124216833 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1334 93 -3.702692600318129 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1365 94 -3.702692600318129 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-0393 95 -3.702692600318129 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1824 96 -3.702692600318129 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2202 97 -3.70573948290287 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-1747 98 -3.70573948290287 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-2208 99 -3.7061712182410265 tfidf
probabilistic_algorithms_especially_dealing_algebraic_symbolic_manipulation_examples_rabiin_probabilistic_algorithm_finite_field_siam_waztch_probabilistic_testing_polynomial_identities_siam_rabinm Q0 CACM-3115 100 -3.7074321268110535 tfidf
