theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3128 1 -4.20828674779569 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1747 2 -4.372049734693502 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3082 3 -4.380843340150819 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3043 4 -4.390586320224683 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3148 5 -4.45158849098291 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3141 6 -4.490537333728893 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2849 7 -4.510034544551683 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2578 8 -4.519086836825139 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2740 9 -4.550186507649785 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3137 10 -4.55997312721416 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2342 11 -4.568863241805647 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2596 12 -4.592524072378513 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2080 13 -4.606272591398512 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3153 14 -4.620922442868321 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2522 15 -4.621393372472769 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2969 16 -4.627692500383774 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2371 17 -4.643845657809782 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2912 18 -4.65740472824372 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1751 19 -4.664284145814185 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2406 20 -4.667877804652875 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2931 21 -4.669477241108729 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2890 22 -4.685810254313528 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3072 23 -4.686601386764265 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1928 24 -4.686635696462354 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2128 25 -4.698299371819223 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2323 26 -4.701599352667691 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2597 27 -4.702493539719405 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2949 28 -4.702586350772113 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2376 29 -4.706974086554645 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3076 30 -4.715222386410111 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1745 31 -4.716299549390544 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1877 32 -4.72095364274102 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1960 33 -4.721035035419599 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2276 34 -4.72747097833252 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1948 35 -4.731608498643202 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2289 36 -4.740263809588238 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2470 37 -4.744250838994537 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1854 38 -4.749365558101929 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1846 39 -4.751431661642552 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2535 40 -4.752280619438021 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2950 41 -4.754839954480684 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2016 42 -4.761762134312799 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2541 43 -4.762608317506134 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2900 44 -4.763732045559164 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2317 45 -4.7664234037667255 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2482 46 -4.768432810123619 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2895 47 -4.770552312416727 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1951 48 -4.77353104182873 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2697 49 -4.774651675398193 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2020 50 -4.77969856751174 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2435 51 -4.783531045376821 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3124 52 -4.792962679729591 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2030 53 -4.792962679729591 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3059 54 -4.7930262668360015 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2851 55 -4.796031507965486 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3086 56 -4.797658830913846 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3078 57 -4.7984529849085416 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2580 58 -4.799186322826465 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2216 59 -4.802772598384468 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1924 60 -4.803041132587396 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2314 61 -4.806300678497071 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3119 62 -4.811088294737392 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2816 63 -4.811443941843594 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2927 64 -4.81181022453184 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2111 65 -4.8148159674990385 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2373 66 -4.815965170869105 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-0695 67 -4.820856071070542 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2878 68 -4.822933161899395 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3117 69 -4.823079034977595 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2568 70 -4.8243467177746835 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2720 71 -4.826776442491326 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1752 72 -4.829243461817279 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1828 73 -4.8306340045963125 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2499 74 -4.830929288532448 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2629 75 -4.831193934368703 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2198 76 -4.83385505156119 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2095 77 -4.835418370045813 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3127 78 -4.8361872491308615 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1247 79 -4.839976130124769 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2181 80 -4.84020855967324 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3088 81 -4.84020855967324 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2616 82 -4.840470622711682 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3073 83 -4.84126219972548 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3156 84 -4.8482497162840845 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2979 85 -4.84895147441128 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2828 86 -4.849542548543792 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1552 87 -4.851707778586453 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2955 88 -4.852430822674531 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2723 89 -4.853978761199057 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2519 90 -4.855433102704258 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-1885 91 -4.8574224516839335 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2504 92 -4.857624154745274 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2383 93 -4.857624154745274 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2672 94 -4.857624154745274 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2255 95 -4.857624154745274 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2379 96 -4.8578474079347576 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2928 97 -4.863136314438548 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2327 98 -4.865946690771999 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-2402 99 -4.866883076127945 tfidf
theory_distributed_systems_databases_subtopics_special_interest_include_reliability_fault-tolerance_distributed_systems_atomicity_distributed_transactions_synchronization_algorithms_resource_allocation_lower_bounds_models_asynchronous_parallel_systems_theory_communicating_processes_protocols_box_2158_yale_station_haven_conn_06520 Q0 CACM-3006 100 -4.86797380308608 tfidf
