im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2931 1 -3.8612088088819236 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2314 2 -4.247954741134222 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2342 3 -4.301405630522934 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3128 4 -4.331629046119889 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2851 5 -4.339391626575952 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1135 6 -4.339423756045074 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2377 7 -4.429849893728441 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2060 8 -4.443680428583314 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2939 9 -4.459665535995001 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2905 10 -4.460719232871979 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1665 11 -4.468338597104564 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0616 12 -4.486129271605306 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3049 13 -4.517021901844892 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3043 14 -4.561575247228557 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1470 15 -4.570179058189392 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2438 16 -4.588618927599877 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1145 17 -4.595487808542501 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1727 18 -4.619346030964566 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1651 19 -4.641011406293349 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1846 20 -4.678594289951567 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2721 21 -4.692996396611678 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3105 22 -4.703284733374566 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2692 23 -4.711417012445537 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2848 24 -4.716058796345779 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2969 25 -4.7276020019748115 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2233 26 -4.7305339950570495 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0724 27 -4.756280491571732 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3103 28 -4.7589340017728885 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2684 29 -4.759656455659345 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1829 30 -4.7623349869971765 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0321 31 -4.765572608160084 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3081 32 -4.769198491341301 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2439 33 -4.78176138664903 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2767 34 -4.786622093982278 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1742 35 -4.791310918715103 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2020 36 -4.792367061547117 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2396 37 -4.7934640997371805 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2865 38 -4.793682626371028 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1677 39 -4.7956200619191796 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2989 40 -4.80139266307224 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2196 41 -4.801779689901297 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3018 42 -4.802578211188933 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1362 43 -4.807707278826136 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2188 44 -4.8100309068576035 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1143 45 -4.812394430096032 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1099 46 -4.812617952895141 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1705 47 -4.817095803974518 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0435 48 -4.817922410895958 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1408 49 -4.81883553438963 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2916 50 -4.820284559930126 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1844 51 -4.820602959634832 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1323 52 -4.821548432584263 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1272 53 -4.822410279206038 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2940 54 -4.823961883221719 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2092 55 -4.826663579058299 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1307 56 -4.827449221952066 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2054 57 -4.830653410977332 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0409 58 -4.835978328415602 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1908 59 -4.83662963451278 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2929 60 -4.841161002257803 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2519 61 -4.8420670802350285 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2359 62 -4.842489396584724 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1698 63 -4.843638287649427 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3069 64 -4.844047465387805 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3013 65 -4.844183772705929 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1506 66 -4.845244614850453 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1527 67 -4.845625224282262 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1626 68 -4.84655887079748 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0040 69 -4.846887757926671 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2273 70 -4.847930983559226 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1253 71 -4.848566667262302 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3141 72 -4.848919022165774 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1856 73 -4.849367432744685 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3077 74 -4.853094187996478 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2216 75 -4.855698350374714 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3014 76 -4.856789231212001 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2344 77 -4.857193003469877 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2232 78 -4.859900677131893 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1699 79 -4.860804085791917 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1978 80 -4.865044138338284 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2383 81 -4.868868540640488 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3021 82 -4.869884462016631 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2895 83 -4.871179709884676 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0695 84 -4.873381175993299 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2828 85 -4.874520442795298 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2622 86 -4.877275271478943 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2922 87 -4.880644205861383 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2406 88 -4.881400074366855 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1534 89 -4.883344080180857 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-0670 90 -4.883898990301318 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2198 91 -4.884720488899387 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1458 92 -4.884831431053003 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2912 93 -4.884992848644164 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2195 94 -4.885225035310667 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2483 95 -4.8860917054792585 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2900 96 -4.8865477005876885 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1572 97 -4.887494906955584 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-2742 98 -4.891869195707448 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-3138 99 -4.8966368017415105 tfidf
im_interested_in_mechanisms_for_communicating_between_disjoint_processes_possibly_but_not_exclusively_in_a_distributed_environment_i_would_rather_see_descriptions_of_complete_mechanisms_with_or_without_implementations_as_opposed_to_theoretical_work_on_the_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_and_message-passing_are_examples_of_my_interests Q0 CACM-1854 100 -4.897187180770692 tfidf
