im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2931 1 -3.608150909102065 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3128 2 -3.6160313898351277 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2939 3 -3.6469826371725693 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1135 4 -3.722648540874227 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3043 5 -3.7365798452520433 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2377 6 -3.8098903538846716 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3049 7 -3.8918228157082155 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2342 8 -3.928893593325639 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2851 9 -3.934637867463808 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2060 10 -4.0299136964458215 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2314 11 -4.0322227299126085 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1829 12 -4.055824474077988 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3105 13 -4.079218132558814 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2742 14 -4.0869047028363985 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2958 15 -4.09118531234874 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-0616 16 -4.104288519091367 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2519 17 -4.107288899546771 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2870 18 -4.118564195580697 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3103 19 -4.119405006780004 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3120 20 -4.1252076218442 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2232 21 -4.151610618606645 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1470 22 -4.160011709675945 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1485 23 -4.160011709675945 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2895 24 -4.166209539805636 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1534 25 -4.167819339533602 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2020 26 -4.16862953835281 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2840 27 -4.174006143066392 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3064 28 -4.174006143066392 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1014 29 -4.177512488525485 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1145 30 -4.18109529644704 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1747 31 -4.183961623668839 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2848 32 -4.184301827106462 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2929 33 -4.1846442451037325 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2816 34 -4.18996151218963 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2900 35 -4.193917048483816 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-0483 36 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2626 37 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2767 38 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2721 39 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2936 40 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2844 41 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2632 42 -4.2028621102423385 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2396 43 -4.207060068189488 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2438 44 -4.209669582345468 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2969 45 -4.2137339938990745 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3073 46 -4.21480844609247 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1518 47 -4.222550646480232 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1595 48 -4.223359034558301 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1681 49 -4.227715826818482 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1905 50 -4.228525994487025 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-0409 51 -4.229893468363987 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2092 52 -4.231197655392186 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2376 53 -4.231211493667277 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2439 54 -4.231620798642978 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2865 55 -4.237257985677355 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2979 56 -4.23935909989702 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1527 57 -4.240139763052523 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2383 58 -4.244576621731351 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2017 59 -4.2469572785124186 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2949 60 -4.25256679172933 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2922 61 -4.254264830410381 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1484 62 -4.25834176136058 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1911 63 -4.261719357100408 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3141 64 -4.262051688977455 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3171 65 -4.263744407888718 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3148 66 -4.266798178034043 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2905 67 -4.268382773427061 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2877 68 -4.27012019463154 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2096 69 -4.276821755865393 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2536 70 -4.276964115874118 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3081 71 -4.278541403168293 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2371 72 -4.279552065482119 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1677 73 -4.279823974120876 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2558 74 -4.279823974120876 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1754 75 -4.279823974120876 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1665 76 -4.279823974120876 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1463 77 -4.279823974120876 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2541 78 -4.279823974120876 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1099 79 -4.280482649150719 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1623 80 -4.282802966578155 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3111 81 -4.2833295773933155 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3018 82 -4.28398166213132 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3069 83 -4.284234013211269 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1844 84 -4.285503076007948 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2890 85 -4.286580814888361 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1679 86 -4.288645924686851 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3127 87 -4.289924249281067 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2522 88 -4.294324135870379 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2684 89 -4.294981388275723 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2054 90 -4.294981388275723 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2722 91 -4.296078395509242 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1550 92 -4.2965106970120885 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1682 93 -4.2970650899776475 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1458 94 -4.297361466011383 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-1846 95 -4.297590206993223 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3146 96 -4.298142574300094 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-3134 97 -4.298573775416427 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2080 98 -4.299483502110557 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-2152 99 -4.30158769191332 tfidf
im_interested_mechanisms_communicating_disjoint_processes_possibly_exclusively_distributed_environment_descriptions_complete_mechanisms_implementations_opposed_theoretical_work_abstract_problem_remote_procedure_calls_message-passing_examples_interests Q0 CACM-0854 100 -4.301754343475932 tfidf
