id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3047 1 -3.8625442222492152 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1686 2 -3.9653679465630867 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2065 3 -4.056348153746359 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2142 4 -4.152772117771178 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2370 5 -4.306132341887771 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3013 6 -4.338900050069806 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3015 7 -4.407238400037475 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2283 8 -4.445589918618562 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2188 9 -4.547273077460264 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1144 10 -4.566086122975213 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1741 11 -4.5700260122012475 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2421 12 -4.62068112684368 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0533 13 -4.64790426860307 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1929 14 -4.678535633662744 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1891 15 -4.701182209095897 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2674 16 -4.713163520460278 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2125 17 -4.7361041747338035 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2826 18 -4.7361041747338035 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1327 19 -4.7361041747338035 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1543 20 -4.763114087442666 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2829 21 -4.786207957477075 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2893 22 -4.796204584242876 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2721 23 -4.802155373841383 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2528 24 -4.802609787785172 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2529 25 -4.802609787785172 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2004 26 -4.802609787785172 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2050 27 -4.8292394242133625 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2486 28 -4.832560663404941 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2231 29 -4.83567140849929 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2402 30 -4.841106673873766 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2687 31 -4.845468138244029 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1846 32 -4.8482833946347235 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1659 33 -4.851221488448723 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2211 34 -4.858863926352306 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1196 35 -4.875076380625418 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3057 36 -4.881040883124119 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3021 37 -4.88244151046753 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1135 38 -4.884507709839594 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1388 39 -4.8964265918080425 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1108 40 -4.906221747243464 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1261 41 -4.909109676644517 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0531 42 -4.9197006670440695 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1350 43 -4.91989871022907 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1272 44 -4.921629913053503 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1700 45 -4.927090223099375 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2906 46 -4.927346199729525 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1424 47 -4.934977871131911 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0670 48 -4.936102248941991 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1665 49 -4.944605033436291 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2314 50 -4.946004081635298 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0104 51 -4.967157092426583 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1571 52 -4.967157092426583 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2232 53 -4.968573837473684 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0185 54 -4.968573837473684 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1927 55 -4.968573837473684 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1680 56 -4.972577572052047 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1384 57 -4.974265710874085 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2054 58 -4.98117648226892 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1066 59 -4.981979941614283 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3114 60 -4.988702413134028 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1383 61 -4.989382865287796 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1839 62 -4.989943838046505 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1415 63 -4.992521643188503 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1601 64 -5.003891275018861 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0397 65 -5.003999828982733 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2174 66 -5.004653078841895 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0695 67 -5.005680789328413 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3040 68 -5.010544689431159 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2643 69 -5.0134458335852 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0605 70 -5.0134458335852 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0721 71 -5.016358595889141 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1476 72 -5.019845569187663 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0893 73 -5.026552662700313 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2275 74 -5.027679316984932 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2051 75 -5.030599047484954 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1359 76 -5.03116307319895 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3059 77 -5.033231092132299 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2304 78 -5.034676827862992 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1664 79 -5.035703449847944 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0078 80 -5.035703449847944 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1251 81 -5.035814255025149 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2931 82 -5.038175748459458 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3112 83 -5.042437587417857 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1566 84 -5.042468585687806 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2396 85 -5.04265794358227 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1652 86 -5.045599848318678 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3160 87 -5.046151768786359 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2819 88 -5.046715207329919 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0674 89 -5.047088310114908 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2415 90 -5.059936294895839 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0195 91 -5.059936294895839 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3106 92 -5.061959690068407 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-3156 93 -5.062153161462999 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0973 94 -5.062175388265375 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-2883 95 -5.062884085345708 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1412 96 -5.065360296441858 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1233 97 -5.0666102378954045 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-0696 98 -5.068350589140603 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1945 99 -5.0703026244980665 tfidf
id_find_articles_describing_singular_decomposition_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_original_image_restoring_images_subject_noise_article_subject_andrews_patterson_outer_product_expansions_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_patterson Q0 CACM-1796 100 -5.0703026244980665 tfidf
