id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2142 1 -4.441282733900353 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3013 2 -4.462041358916221 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3047 3 -4.47689365900917 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2065 4 -4.594174777029628 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1686 5 -4.608434321284292 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2421 6 -4.686180369699818 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2283 7 -4.731560659285786 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3015 8 -4.783404169142159 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2370 9 -4.847452911241447 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2893 10 -4.863282277500531 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2188 11 -4.915534740080004 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1327 12 -4.921375059347878 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1543 13 -4.952079329102504 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2674 14 -4.990450148042022 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2051 15 -4.992393571245825 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1350 16 -5.004756191846724 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1144 17 -5.017360561403331 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1665 18 -5.029591936083576 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1741 19 -5.0346699190360535 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1108 20 -5.080962684884977 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1891 21 -5.088443728201113 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2402 22 -5.10689844551044 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0533 23 -5.115301594108858 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2231 24 -5.117223469576973 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1664 25 -5.119796297581019 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2931 26 -5.14011172789093 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2233 27 -5.145431269216785 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0616 28 -5.153090460023532 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1700 29 -5.169291852430543 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2125 30 -5.169377169602358 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2054 31 -5.171676268163598 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2786 32 -5.185250240518234 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2060 33 -5.189787676648164 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0078 34 -5.190017224459904 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2721 35 -5.197192211746831 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2289 36 -5.20169511183344 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1415 37 -5.202014769288208 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3077 38 -5.203432545042542 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2130 39 -5.2050773965753345 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1066 40 -5.211954107986077 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0670 41 -5.2180020208476545 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2396 42 -5.221877482056545 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3021 43 -5.223025006255937 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0973 44 -5.224357392517786 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2004 45 -5.2256334174577175 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0531 46 -5.228017716906042 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2254 47 -5.229960325391906 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2484 48 -5.233867491632722 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1272 49 -5.233931469185391 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0104 50 -5.234945206214457 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2020 51 -5.242193332844729 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2211 52 -5.242798162895551 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2367 53 -5.243655852585303 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2314 54 -5.24508147110366 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1135 55 -5.249066520618788 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3076 56 -5.253640388113341 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1388 57 -5.259298562890674 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1381 58 -5.261118058578001 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2829 59 -5.2617038249737735 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1846 60 -5.26258599251989 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0849 61 -5.267568293735568 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2687 62 -5.268415941261753 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2826 63 -5.270890518623019 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2856 64 -5.28507849588049 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0730 65 -5.2892893613842755 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2232 66 -5.289523156124011 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1680 67 -5.289596528458789 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2787 68 -5.292158488232654 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1929 69 -5.292494247973891 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2702 70 -5.2962135095441125 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2050 71 -5.299302043606742 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-0615 72 -5.305579925977892 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2092 73 -5.3144550006257045 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1154 74 -5.3225989872613635 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1456 75 -5.323339906218074 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3112 76 -5.3244723691246865 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3157 77 -5.324623466435224 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2628 78 -5.325236336070547 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1652 79 -5.325544124705947 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2606 80 -5.329205553225651 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2341 81 -5.330455063175292 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2081 82 -5.33076337869261 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1588 83 -5.332895106799519 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1806 84 -5.339780382328364 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2750 85 -5.3405822802796985 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2993 86 -5.348672972185582 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1366 87 -5.3496618373769245 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2313 88 -5.356148794132847 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2971 89 -5.356794407091439 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2217 90 -5.35765390956038 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2302 91 -5.358470846470334 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1394 92 -5.360466900405937 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3057 93 -5.361320072732846 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2274 94 -5.363691899236056 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1412 95 -5.364858656686199 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-3041 96 -5.365408423762313 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1601 97 -5.36562961655677 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1961 98 -5.366992307614804 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-1440 99 -5.368308329665429 tfidf
id_like_to_find_articles_describing_the_use_of_singular_value_decomposition_in_digital_image_processing_applications_include_finding_approximations_to_the_original_image_and_restoring_images_that_are_subject_to_noise_an_article_on_the_subject_is_h_andrews_and_c_patterson_outer_product_expansions_and_their_uses_in_digital_image_processing_american_mathematical_andrews_h_patterson_c Q0 CACM-2977 100 -5.371774066201076 tfidf
