hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2967 1 -3.5866076800158107 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3087 2 -3.7865971945729084 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3026 3 -3.8588589450931425 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3049 4 -3.9806908563761803 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3142 5 -4.025250306494419 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1750 6 -4.029977116807134 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2812 7 -4.071459136370393 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2358 8 -4.08820372292185 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1518 9 -4.089972658008833 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1844 10 -4.091307911576624 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2311 11 -4.091336455846337 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2151 12 -4.0940836888328285 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2424 13 -4.095429280867366 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1366 14 -4.124942000057544 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2928 15 -4.136111486746992 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3092 16 -4.137814895466081 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1572 17 -4.138190850849955 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2882 18 -4.140481218646166 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2516 19 -4.162397253962635 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3025 20 -4.1652486578040655 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1409 21 -4.176666723632639 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3136 22 -4.18054959111247 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2738 23 -4.183981269592756 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2988 24 -4.191956314601328 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2375 25 -4.193581135406132 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2740 26 -4.200672509219231 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2198 27 -4.214008203447082 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2625 28 -4.214611566944043 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2002 29 -4.2163196655594 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2319 30 -4.219922654981415 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2718 31 -4.230671068415325 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3112 32 -4.2358918864246045 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2716 33 -4.236574369995007 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2957 34 -4.241046217798998 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1754 35 -4.2430160112922515 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2876 36 -4.247934079264737 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2817 37 -4.256583300448197 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1752 38 -4.2609495715396015 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2669 39 -4.262116945481646 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2380 40 -4.263880020221872 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2828 41 -4.272974581441903 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2359 42 -4.274102482786272 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-0695 43 -4.274820995955761 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2888 44 -4.28712173580453 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2816 45 -4.287664459555755 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2342 46 -4.290133772912609 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3127 47 -4.293740125181637 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2715 48 -4.297771915595711 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3011 49 -4.298783970069197 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2016 50 -4.312153228180167 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1774 51 -4.312153228180167 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1695 52 -4.3138563605598526 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2046 53 -4.314551548116335 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2138 54 -4.316462184208641 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3067 55 -4.316501910007833 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3070 56 -4.3364411452062015 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2277 57 -4.340237751531192 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3059 58 -4.343213822527542 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2710 59 -4.345940372640449 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3089 60 -4.3473097908477305 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-0616 61 -4.347821802849941 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2720 62 -4.3501852688265235 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1552 63 -4.353037726439224 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2106 64 -4.354878272924982 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2188 65 -4.35804417780468 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2298 66 -4.35952743419152 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-0698 67 -4.364260131348231 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2379 68 -4.370643216151194 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3137 69 -4.374016532003041 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3164 70 -4.374810765420151 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2421 71 -4.380440532714119 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1199 72 -4.380440532714119 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2629 73 -4.390438448457863 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2948 74 -4.393564611309999 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1892 75 -4.401703384356718 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-0322 76 -4.409357250136878 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1462 77 -4.412796877937474 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2308 78 -4.413350867794856 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2943 79 -4.413486803355815 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1751 80 -4.4178600314195124 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3028 81 -4.420646094769476 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1962 82 -4.42082887537748 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2163 83 -4.423357738639826 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2951 84 -4.4235377106172225 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2634 85 -4.431545837525761 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2541 86 -4.440508326975596 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1747 87 -4.4433767223637615 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1959 88 -4.444402325601907 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1325 89 -4.444555449653468 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1748 90 -4.444559051766355 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2959 91 -4.448480762274303 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2377 92 -4.450980733509998 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1805 93 -4.451389177509626 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2869 94 -4.451389177509626 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3077 95 -4.452019161915419 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-3134 96 -4.452337880276817 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2852 97 -4.452344982318041 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2065 98 -4.457354673886158 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-2846 99 -4.460670846213785 tfidf
hardware_software_relating_database_management_systems_database_packages_back_end_computers_special_associative_hardware_microcomputers_attached_disk_heads_things_rap_relational_network_codasyl_hierarchical_models_systems_system_ims_adabas_total Q0 CACM-1165 100 -4.462662870644739 tfidf
