computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2314 1 -2.5920840543677266 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2325 2 -2.5976617976336893 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1433 3 -2.6277947675692954 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2828 4 -2.7006829028045316 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2699 5 -2.755955043631016 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3032 6 -2.7702292335322447 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3037 7 -2.7713558279964747 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2646 8 -2.7753057181345313 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2142 9 -2.7909624315359296 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1066 10 -2.7916190729701365 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2766 11 -2.8022336210911067 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2273 12 -2.816876786298361 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2665 13 -2.824982670835546 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2324 14 -2.8347086853276844 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2081 15 -2.842977308937997 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2433 16 -2.8433679924031763 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3124 17 -2.8565361074368143 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2592 18 -2.8585037644760805 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2522 19 -2.8621976661064314 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3132 20 -2.888219689859476 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2701 21 -2.913486295198102 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3018 22 -2.9152974161009597 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2903 23 -2.9168712257986193 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2110 24 -2.9174539643734265 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3087 25 -2.924639880377969 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1658 26 -2.9253888147062668 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2883 27 -2.932337979889628 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2936 28 -2.9409083957254514 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2904 29 -2.949842218282321 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2931 30 -2.9534061182298808 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2276 31 -2.9544568625943817 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3010 32 -2.9590417868892245 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2716 33 -2.964307420672216 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2877 34 -2.9664665868972824 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2645 35 -2.969169091886692 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1769 36 -2.9827849962543675 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2884 37 -2.9850973501266314 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3165 38 -2.985205062259857 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2053 39 -2.985257927556612 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2389 40 -2.9873925510930976 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2722 41 -2.989256076963696 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2986 42 -2.992008871158364 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3150 43 -2.992881455990331 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2195 44 -2.9957709849723373 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1809 45 -2.9960413803982835 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2832 46 -2.997779090578395 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1886 47 -3.0048069644686017 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2253 48 -3.005485534003733 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1385 49 -3.0058499431343475 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3130 50 -3.007486326370005 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2402 51 -3.01429944825631 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2932 52 -3.0182705764814837 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1171 53 -3.0194911930870356 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2855 54 -3.0200128941701 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-0950 55 -3.0213616034908037 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3138 56 -3.025993435733853 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2484 57 -3.026378409214272 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3086 58 -3.026453892384725 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2838 59 -3.0266692027445647 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3166 60 -3.027515875656547 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3055 61 -3.032259585530962 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2902 62 -3.0346136518525038 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2226 63 -3.0355678141052014 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-0409 64 -3.0397853540940702 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1601 65 -3.040156526615771 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1959 66 -3.0413569124227613 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2135 67 -3.0478763698531743 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3163 68 -3.050177604376058 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2366 69 -3.0511815150360335 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3103 70 -3.051665780424283 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2094 71 -3.0527891656589388 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1098 72 -3.0531589650207427 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1719 73 -3.054074470598541 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1651 74 -3.055169305586319 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3200 75 -3.0557785906783925 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2953 76 -3.0558691042928015 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1504 77 -3.0624464817860706 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2997 78 -3.0634109298935703 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1392 79 -3.066028943716651 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2421 80 -3.0698286677377546 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2890 81 -3.075525835161831 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2767 82 -3.07655835457842 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2344 83 -3.0777835973145176 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1457 84 -3.0807541751470167 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2751 85 -3.0853378131662694 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2923 86 -3.090070615990232 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1324 87 -3.0924177215575575 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2379 88 -3.093198518288463 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1860 89 -3.0935089372572024 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1592 90 -3.093547219199477 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2715 91 -3.094148047693618 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3046 92 -3.1010649658385177 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-1946 93 -3.1012703438549045 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3107 94 -3.103424984099509 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2524 95 -3.105278583116825 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2092 96 -3.105469872630399 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3094 97 -3.1106354728838355 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-2200 98 -3.111142985315367 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3098 99 -3.1128162780638693 tfidf
computer_science_principles_data_structures_numerical_methods_generating_optimization_linear_programming_algorithms_includes_issues_khachian_russian_ellipsoidal_algorithm_complexity_algorithms Q0 CACM-3164 100 -3.1131876946755357 tfidf
